LIAM: Come here. Give me a hug.
MATT: She looks to her mom, looks to you. “Are you
a warrior?”
LIAM: Sort of.
(laughter)
MATT: She gives you a very judging glance. “Okay!”
She runs up and gives you a hug.
LIAM: I scoop her up and I turn her away from her
mom and I bring her into a hug.
LAURA: Hello, dear! Are you still wearing that
necklace I gave you?
MATT: “Yes!” She pulls it out and shows it.
LAURA: Oh, you’re wonderful! How are they treating
you? Is it wonderful here? Do you hate it?
MATT: “It’s boring! There’s nothing to do here!
They won’t let us leave the city!”
LAURA: I completely understand. You need to talk
to your father into going back.
MATT: “He won’t listen to anyone!”
TALIESIN: Why won’t they let you leave the city, dear?
MATT: “Because it’s dangerous and they’re almost
ready for the war, they said.”
TALIESIN: Did they?
SAM: What? Oh.
TALIESIN: Are you going to fight, dear?
MATT: Devana scolds, “My dear, Velora, let’s leave
that discussion for when your father comes.” You
hear a voice across the room say, “Then I suppose
it’s time to discuss.” Everyone glances over and
on the far edge of the room, coming out of what
you assume is his study, the door partially open,
the familiar long, black hair, pale complexion,
stern look you grew up with. The man before you is
the elven ambassador from Syngorn to Emon.
LUCAS: Matt? We got to stop. We had a program
freeze.
MATT: Oh no!
LUCAS: Everybody, this is typical. You know how it
goes.
AUDIENCE MEMBER: Just like the real thing!
(laughter)
LAURA: Did anybody bring a hula-hoop?
AUDIENCE MEMBER: I brought dice!
LUCAS: [inaudible]
MATT: Two minutes.
LAURA: Oh shit, did--
MARISHA: This was a huge reveal.
LIAM: Good thing it was a such a throw-away
moment.
(laughter)
TRAVIS: How about we kill the kid?
(laughter, cheers)
MARISHA: Don’t worry, they’ll all blame it on me.
TALIESIN: Put her in the Pokeball and throw her
out.
TRAVIS: We could put water all over our faces and
act like somebody died! Who’s it going to be? Who
wants to die?
TALIESIN: I’ll rochambeau you for it.
MARISHA: That’ll be completely fair.
TRAVIS: Paladin of the Raven Queen.
MATT: Let us know when we’re ready again.
SAM: Oh, well, if we’re stalling.
CREW: 30 seconds.
LAURA: No, wait! What? Stall.
SAM: We’re back in 30 seconds; forget it.
TALIESIN: What were you going to say?
LAURA: What were you going to do?
SAM: I was going to give the audience a present.
(gasping and cheering)
AUDIENCE MEMBER: I love you, Sam.
SAM: But it sounds like we’re about to go.
MATT: We’re about to go.
AUDIENCE MEMBER: No, hold off! It’s funny.
LIAM: The next malfunction will be in 15 minutes.
AUDIENCE MEMBER: You get a carpet, and you get a
carpet.
MATT: Do we have that part recorded for Monday, at
least?
LUCAS: What’s that?
MATT: Do we have the footage recorded? Do we have
that footage recorded for the Monday episode, at least?
LUCAS: Yes, and when we get it, we’ll mash them
together.
MATT: Great, that’s what we wanted.
MARISHA: Yeah, we can--
MATT: [inaudible]
MARISHA: If this would have happened with Anton
back in the day: Fix it in post.
SAM: We have time?
CREW: I’m going to count you guys down. Here we
go.
LAURA: Okay.
CREW: Let me confirm that the stream is up.
LIAM: Stop watching them work!
(laughter)
TRAVIS: [inaudible] I love it.
CREW: All right, here we go. Going live in five,
four--
LIAM: Naga nipples!
LAURA: Titty twist!
MATT: Welcome back! Sorry about that!
(cheering)
SAM: What a battle!
MATT: The technical aspects. We’re working through
it, but we got through it. Thank you for your
patience. The last few minutes, we’re not quite
sure how much you may have missed, but the party
wiped. We’re rolling up new characters. No, for
the Monday episode, we’ll make sure to splice in
anything that may have been missed for the past
minute. The party had come to the home of Syldor,
father of Vax and Vex. They had a brief discussion
with Devana, his new wife. They were given tea
after introductions and briefly discussed the
merits of being a warrior with their half-sister
Velora Vessar. After discussing a war of some
kind, Syldor made his way into the room. You see
the long, dark hair of Syldor, his pale
complexion, his stern face staring back at you all
within the doorway as he closes it behind him.